Donald Trump gave his second and final
State of the Union address and I'll tell
you something
I watched the speech I have to admit it
wasn't so sure about this guy but all of
a sudden I am sold Trump said we must
step boldly and bravely into the next
chapter of this great American adventure
and that chapter is 11 that's not so
long speech was really launched you his
speech was longer than his tie he spoke
for so long Robert Muller handed down
another five indictments he spoke for
longer than he was married to Marla
maples they had a lot of exciting new
ideas for instance did you know Mexicans
are scary and we need to build a wall to
keep them away no more about fighting
aliens the night then Sigourney Weaver
it was and the Republicans ate it up you
know without the forced applause breaks
it would have been like seven minutes
long but there's so much clapping
because they know he's gonna go home
he's gonna watch it back and he's good
to see who was clapping and who was not
he won't Mike Pence and Nancy Pelosi sat
behind him like like mom and dad the
first Thanksgiving after the divorce
they're just kind of and of course Trump
gives himself an A+ for his performance
right now guaranteed he's in his tanning
box making out with an Arby's beef and
cheddar sandwich
preempted their regular programming to
carry the speech live and things got off
to a lively start when the
sergeant-at-arms introduced the
president and his distinguished escorts
[Applause]
[Music]
the state of the union is brought to you
by KFC's new cheeto chicken sandwich
KFC like a president yeah there you go
we're flaming hot
[Applause]
before these parties that video exists
the speech went on for 83 minutes and
President Trump spoke with all the
elegance of a book report written by a
third grader on the bus human
traffickers and sex traffickers take
advantage of the wide open areas between
our ports of entry to smuggle thousands
of young girls and women into the United
States and to sell them into
prostitution and modern-day slavery
weird crowd is the theme of tonight's
address was choosing greatness he
originally was planning to go with Nancy
and Chuck I think you sucked but Melania
said it maybe that's not a great way to
go but his Majesty listed his
achievements over the past two years and
whether you agree with what he's done or
not it's hard to argue with the fact
that Donald Trump has done more in his
first two years than any president who
only works two hours a day ever and
that's for sure he also laid out a 10
year strategy to reduce the transmission
of HIV
he hates AIDS you know that's why he
fires one every two weeks he he also
announced and this was a major
announcement that he would be meeting
with Kim jong-un in Vietnam of all
places unless his father's doctor writes
him a letter in which case he will stay
home tonight the president urged
Republicans and Democrats to work
together to do what he tells them to do
he stressed the need for bipartisanship
and even came up with a catchy new
phrase we can bridge all divisions heal
old wounds build new coalition's forge
new solutions and unlock the
extraordinary promise of America's
future
[Applause]
that sounds so good
this is a funny moment so they're part
of the speech he took credit for
creating jobs for women and all the new
women in Congress who beat the
candidates he supported they were all
wearing white they stood up and cheered
no one has benefited more from our
thriving economy than women who have
filled 58% of the newly created jobs
last year
[Applause]
you weren't supposed to do that I
haven't seen an audience full of women
that happy since Oprah gave a bunch of
Pontiacs away Stacey Abrams who was
almost elected governor of Georgia
delivered the Democratic response to the
address they do a response after every
State of the Union and one of our local
politicians California Attorney General
was supposed to give the
spanish-language response but he had to
cancel the last minute unfortunately
they are able to find a replacement who
I think really hit it out of the park
[Music]
buenas tardes
mr.president atrum espero que una hyena
depakote a super bonus noches
gracias
[Applause]
it really is the language of love you
know if you liked that video then put a
ring on it click the subscribe button
below
Oh